Clarify why a specific hostname is expected in the server certificate (#3322)
matrix-org/matrix-doc: content/server-server-api.md

    8448 and a `Host` header containing the `<hostname>`. The target
    server must present a valid certificate for `<hostname>`.

> The specific hostname (either the `<hostname>` or `<delegated_hostname>`)
> for which the target server must provide a valid certificate depends mainly
> on the trustworthiness of the route how this hostname has been obtained.
> DNS is insecure (too many domains do not have DNSSEC) so any SRV records
> pointing to a `<delegated_hostname>` remains untrusted until this system
> proves via TLS it is truly a delegate for `<hostname>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reasons we require `<hostname>` rather than `<delegated_hostname>` for SRV
delegation are:
  1. DNS is insecure (not all domains have DNSSEC), so the target of the delegation
      must prove that it is a valid delegate for `<hostname>` via TLS.
  2. Consistency with the recommendations in [RFC6125](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6125#section-6.2.1) 
     and other applications using SRV records such [XMPP](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6120#section-13.7.2.1).
```

Reviewer: Also, put the whole thing in a `{{% boxes/note %}}` box, in the same way as is used elsewhere in the document?

Author: Yes, I'll update it.
